Presets (#1841)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/resources.md

  - **group** - API group used for all requests. Not provided for Kubernetes resources in the core (also called legacy) group.
  - **name** - title used in the navigation and on the list screen. It defaults to its resource kind.
- **category** the name of a category used for the left-hand menu. It is placed in the `Custom Resources` category by default.

> - **icon** the suffix name of an icon used for the left-hand menu. the default value is `customized`. The list of icons can be found [here](https://sap.github.io/fundamental-react/?path=/docs/component-api-icon--primary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **icon** suffix of an icon name used for the left-hand menu. the default value is `customized`. You can find the list of icons [here](https://sap.github.io/fundamental-react/?path=/docs/component-api-icon--primary).
```

  - **group** - API group used for all requests. Not provided for Kubernetes resources in the core (also called legacy) group.
  - **name** - title used in the navigation and on the list screen. It defaults to its resource kind.
- **category** the name of a category used for the left-hand menu. It is placed in the `Custom Resources` category by default.

> - **icon** the suffix name of an icon used for the left-hand menu. the default value is `customized`. The list of icons can be found [here](https://sap.github.io/fundamental-react/?path=/docs/component-api-icon--primary) .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **icon** the suffix name of an icon used for the left-hand menu. the default value is `customized`. The list of icons can be found [here](https://sap.github.io/fundamental-react/?path=/docs/component-api-icon--primary).
```

}
```

## _presets_ section

The **presets** section contains a list of objects that define which preset and template will be used in the form view. If any preset has been defined, it will be displayed in the drop-down list along with a second "Default" setting. If the user selects a preset, the form will be filled with the property defined in the values.

> <img src="./assets/Presets.png" alt="Preset list with one entry defined as default" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

Reviewer 2: Could you please move an image below the `Example` to keep consistency?

### preset configuration object fields

- **name** - _[required]_ a name to display on presets dropdown,
- **value** - _[required]_ contains fields that will be set when this preset is chosen from the list.

> - **default** - For `default` equal to `true`, it prefills form with values defined in value. It also replaces the default preset on the dropdown of presets.

Reviewer 2: As I've said before, I'm not sure we should allow to overwrite the default one.
